# simple and not gramaticaly organised essay about me

My fullname is Khafizullokh Ulmasov I'm 20 years old I have completed my secondary school then graduated from high school. I do not study at the university, eventhough I was able to get into to many of them. The reason why I didnn't study there, First of all, I thought that I would waste three-five years of my life while accoplishing assignments and going to the university and getting back home on a daily basis, when I can get even better education for free. Secondly, I think that education must be free of charge, thoughts about their material condition shouldn't worry students, provided that they can show high performance.

Main reason of my decision about rearning CS is because htere was a sutuation when I tried to create a digital product and I wasn't able to implement it because of my few knowlede in sphere of IT. I decided that was thinking wrong, saying that I can order a product and start making cash and at same time do not know anything about my product and how it can be managed. I thought it would be crazy attempt to become indepentent and at the same time depend on someone who can even trick me and and I won't even be aware of it. In order to become a leader in any sphere of businness I need to have a full understanding of my businnes and how does it performs from scratch, so that I could be self assured. Other than that i need to improve my family's financial condition. My family belives me, that I can handle it, on top of it I believe that I can handle it.

My plans for the next few years generally saying, to become a professional first of all in sphere of backend and after or meanwhile learn frontend just for being able to understand it,to do what I want and how it would look like at the end of the day. I would also like to share my knowlwedge with other young people or with my peers. Generally saying once I become a professional I want to teach others.

In conclusion, someone asked me about motivation and said what can be best motiavtion and how to accomplish lazyness?. My answer/question was pretty short, "How can I say: Oh no, I can not do it anymore, I am tired or some this kind of sillyness? While my family/parents are waiting me patiently, while they believe me? while time is both, their and my biggest enemy". Other than that, imagination can also be really helpful when we are tired or bored with what we've been doing. By imagining what will we get after accomplishing our goals we again get filled with energy and positive attitude.